>> Student: Quick question.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yes.
>> Student: Is there a way that I can tell
the watch to ignore certain file name?
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah.
If you look at the documentation for
the watch module, there's all kinds of
special configuration filters and stuff.
>> Student: Read special file.
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah.
>> Kyle Simpson: I don't see any
other questions a couple people
just mentioning that they do or
don't like certain things about
the templates, but all right.
So the next thing [COUGH] that we
wanna talk about that's how I'm
reusing my template engine.
So I'm doing my rendering
exactly the same in both places.
And actually let me
just prove that to you.
So here I show you how I'm
doing it on the server.
I'm calling that View.getPageHTML.
If I open up web > JS > View.js,
now let's look at pages.
Pages as my page controller,
if I look at that this is the thing
that's running in the browser.
And whenever something is asked for
like if we try to load up a, so
this one is my click handler for
links that I basically wanna ajaxify.
I'm listening for any links that
aren't marked as being a ignorable.
And if I recognize the href of
that tag as being an internal
page that I have a template for,
then I simply call this gotoPage
function which not terribly surprisingly
is going to call view.getPageContentHTML,
okay?
So it's the exact same path and this
code ends up running exactly identically
between server and browser.
>> Kyle Simpson: Okay,
let's see,
would you say react would be good here.
React is awesome, but I think it's a much
bigger hammer than most people need.
That's what I'll say.
Okay.
>> Kyle Simpson: By the way,
on that topic of like what are other
potential options or whatever.
I don't know how many of you
here in person or online or
listening to the video
have heard of Ember.
But it's one of the big three,
if you also there's ember
there's angular there's reacts.
It's one of the big three at the moment
in that whole like framework rendering
the sort of thing.
Now I'm not using Ember.
I'm not a Ember user.
I know quite a few people who are.
They're really smart people.
So I am not in any way shape or
form suggesting that Ember's
bad because I don't use it.
It's way overkill for what I need.
And that's why I don't use it.
I always start with the simple
stuff first rather than
pull in a huge framework that
is mostly what I don't need.
But there's one particular point
I wanna bring up about Ember, and
this is a praise of them more than,
it's not a criticism at all.
Just recently Ember released
a whole series of new stuff.
And if you have kept up at all or
read anything about it,
they released a new thing called Glimmer,
which is a new way of doing their
renderings and stuff like that.
Where they're looking at their template
partials they call them different things
but if they're essentially
template partials and figuring out
the minimum template partial that needs
to be rendered and then redoing it.
That's really, really cool stuff and
that's exactly why I built
grips five years ago cuz I was
doing that exact same thing.
So I'm really excited to see a really
smart set of people come along with a much
bigger platform than me, and
they're starting to do the same stuff.
And then they have their server
side engine, the EmberCLI tool.
The name is escaping me, but they have
now a process where you can run
the rendering on the server and
node just the same as you can run
the Ember app in the browser.
And if you dig into the details of
how that particular tool works,
it's exactly the same ideas
that I'm espousing here.
Reusing the code in both places, doing
initial page load render in the server,
and then letting the app take over and
progressively enhance
to a single page app.
That's exactly the same stuff
I've been talking about here.
It's an entirely compatible with the ideas
that I've had with middle end for years.
So I'm super excited even though Ember
is maybe more overkill than I need.
I'm super excited that
a really smart group of people
has come to similar conclusions and
they're now pushing that forward.
We're gonna see a lot more people get on
that bandwagon I think cuz there's a lot
of value to this simple idea of being
able to share code and have it work yet.
Fast boot that's exactly
what it's talking about.
>> Student 2: People doing the same thing
with react right now,
>> Kyle Simpson: Of course.
>> Student 2: Rendering the templates
>> Kyle Simpson: Yeah, absolutely.
>> Student 2: On both sides, and
then the same with Angular.
And I know Angular too right now,
if you look at their reading notes,
they're discussing this concept,
I mean in detail I believe.
>> Kyle Simpson: So the good news is,
over the next couple years basically
everybody's gonna be doing it,
okay?
>> Student 2: Yeah.
>> Kyle Simpson: And you can do it
the simple way with no frameworks and
just a little bit of code yourself.
Or you can use a framework and
the frameworks are gonna be doing it but
the value is in the idea
not the implementation.